EX-010 will now have three real sounds
Cm7, Cm7's is
At minors, I lowered some sounds half a tone
At the time of the seventh, either string
Lowered by 2 frets
Cm 7 if you do both
There is C
If m and 7
Cm7
If you leave this ring finger
Play all
It will be said that
Hey this
Is it jazzy
If you try to hold down Bossa Nova
Middle finger has 6 strings
So, hold the lower 4 with your ring finger
Do not play 5 strings
This is the middle finger
Because I am touching the strings
I don't hear 5 strings
If it is in this state
There are 5 strings in the way
You can also press Cm7 which does not sound
So
Takatsu ×
It is such a thing
Well, now
These harmonics sounds
It sounds with eight frets
Taka × Ku
Taku × Tsuku
× カ
This is Cm7 here
Please do the same thing
This is what is called basic practice, isn't it?
What does it mean to do basic practice? And
I think there are people who can be convinced and people who can not be convinced
I also do people who can not be convinced
Then I'm not doing it because I'm doing the basics
When playing something else
It becomes easy to play difficult songs
It will play if it does the basics
If you don't have the basics, it will be extremely difficult
After all, if you are doing something like this
Slide the code or
Attack's
Although it is misleading to say that it is not constant
What kind of thing is
Not playing all strings but playing strings in parts
This will eventually play the rhythm with cutting
Play rhythm with chords
While moving a little
I'm going to play
The number is
I'm picking six now but now
Because it is the lead guitar that I was picking a small number
I think that this is the lead guitar of the lead guitar, but
This is also really a rhythm guitar
Originally
For example,
I'm playing all strings
Only one sound
I can not hear you
Even though we are playing six
The other five are brushed
Only one of them is now the index finger
Because only this sound is held by the index finger
Next time I will add my ring finger
To the extension of this
There is a lead guitar
I say the concept of
Know that kind of heart
If you know the various know-how of playing chords, actually, at the time of lead guitar
Which sound should I use? What is it?
If you know the code, you can play it
I will do my best
First of all, such a feeling